# Individual-Self-Assessment
I'm not sure how formal this individual self assessment is but I'm going to start it off as informal. I had a fantastic time working with my team. The atmosphere was always fun and we met plenty of times outside of the actual class meeting times to just chat about our final project. Never once was I frustrated with any of my teammates and I hope that the other two felt the same. Everyone was very supportive and helpful when any of us were having a tough time with any specific part of the project. Anyways, onto the self assessment. 

I would say that I definitely took the leader role of the project. Every class that we worked on the final project, I would set a path of what we needed to accomplish either by the end of the week or by the end of the class. Before we finished class, I would see where everyone was and how to split up the work for the weekend. As for the final project, I had my foot in a bit of everything. I set up our AWS database and S3 buckets. I helped a bit with the data prepreprocessing and machine learning. I also completed the dashboard for our visualiations. I would say that the greatest personal challenge during the course was having the courage to properly convey importance of tasks that needed to be done so that we were never behind in our work. I am usually a fairly passive person so asking others to do work is not always my strong suit and I am used to doing work by myself. 

As for the team assessment, I feel that I have already talked about how great my team was. We were all very communicative through slack and we even zoom called a few times outside of class to talk about the project. I cannot think of any sot of communication challenges that we had. We were always very accomadating of each other. I would like to say that for any future cohorts that they should definitely try to have a good relationship with their fellow classmates. It made the class much more enjoyable and I am happy that I will be keeping in touch with my team even after the project. 

Our project focused on finding which vitals/demographics of patients in an ICU were most important in regards to the outcome of death in an ICU. More specifically, we wanted to find out at which points do these vitals/demographics show an increase in the outcome of death. Since we had labeled data from our cleaned dataset, we decided to use a supervised machine learning model. We chose an ensemble model known as random forest classifier. After completing our machine learning analysis and understanding which vitals/demographics had the most influence of patient death outcome, we created a visualization on tableau illustrating our results. 
